1. what is the use of framework in automation testing?
Ans: Framework is an execution environment for automated tests, It is a predefined set 
of rules and practices for running automated test cases. In detail it contains the Packages,
classes, methods in a seperate folders. so that it can reuse or add some external plugins 
into that seperately or change code or add functionality into that without changing anything 
extra in any other files.

2. Things to consider in a Framework?
Ans: we will add classes and methods to handle exceptions/errors, reading data from different 
sources, custom report classes etc.,

	Test Script modularity(we use waitNQA, NUnit and cruiseControl.NET)
	Data driven or key board driven tetsing
	Environment to support the test framework
	Maintenance friendly
	The right tools

3. Different types of frameworks in Selenium/QTP?
Ans: Modularity testing framework
Data Driven framework
Keyword framework
Hybrid Framework
Test driven development
Behavior driven development

4. what is data driven frame work and when do we use it?
Ans: To test same functionality more than once with different set of data/input data
We store the test data in external files (excel/csv) or table. When you  want to create 
multiple user accounts

5. what is keyword driven frame work and when do we use it?
Ans: It is a table driven tetsing or action word based tetsing. In this kind of tetsing
we use a table or spreadsheet for specifying the actions or keywords then using those 
keywords we perform automation testing. 
Keyword Driven Framework is a type of QTP Framework where for a particular test case, 
you would first identify a set of Keywords and then associate an action (or function) 
which each of these keywords.

6. what is hybrid driven frame work and when do we use it?
Ans: Combination of any two or more frameworks is  known as the hybrid automation framework.
Depending upon the user requirements and tets condiitons user selects some features from 
each framework for his project.


7. Data input can be from any of the following files like MS Excel files, Database, 
Text files, XML files.

8. What is POM?
Ans: Project Object Model is the fucntional unit of work in Maven. It is a xml 
document which contains all the details and information about the project like configuration 
details used by Maven to build the project. POM contains all the default values like build 
directory as target, source directory a src/main/java and test source directory 
as src/test/java. Super POM is the default Maven's pom.

It is a functional unit in Maven which contains all the repositories, plugins and all the 
information about the project to create the test object while executing and to run the 
project.

9. What is Modular framework?
Ans:  In this framework, a test scripts are written to match a functionality that 
represent modules of the application-under-test. These modules in turn are used in a 
hierarchical fashion to build large test cases.

10. What is a TestNG?
Ans: TestNG is a testing framework inspired from JUnit and NUnit but introducing some 
new functionalities that make it more powerful and easier to use, such as: Annotations, 
flexible test configuration, Embeds beanshell for furhter flexibility, 
Run your tests in arbitrarily big thread pools with various policies
available (all methods in their own thread, one thread per test class, etc...).

TestNg is a testing framework inspired from JUnit and NUnit with some more added 
functionalities which were easy to use like annotations, flexible test configuration,
embeds beanshell for further functionality, can execute many test cases in a big 
thread pool with various group policies.

11. What is JUnit?
Ans: JUnit is an open source unit testing framework designed for the purpose of writing and running 
tests in the Java programming language. JUnit has a graphical user interface (GUI), 
making it possible to write and test source code quickly and easily. JUnit allows the 
developer to incrementally build test suites to measure progress and detect unintended 
side effects. Tests can be run continuously. Results are provided immediately.

JUnit is a open source unit testing framework used to write and execute test cases in the
java programming language. It has GUI, making it possible to execute tests fastly and detect 
the unintended side effects. But it has some deficiencies like multi thread safe, reuse of JVM
it will not accept some oops rules.


Junit deficiencies:
Multi thread access
Different objects thinking they are accesing private content, while it is shared
Reuse of the same JVM.
Classes in object-oriented programming obey very simple rules:
If you invoke your initialization from the constructor, it will only be invoked once.
If your content is not static, it is guaranteed to be private to your instance.
JUnit violates these two principles and I just can’t get used to it. 


12. Important elements in TestNG.xml?
Ans: It has Annotations property, Tests that your code is multi thread safe, 
powerful execution model(no more testsuite), Deafualt JDK fucntions for 
run time and logging, flexible test configuration.
Annotations are easier to understand
Test cases can be grouped more easily
Parallel testing is possible.
TestNG is a testing framework that is capable of making Selenium tests easier to understand and of generating reports that are easy to understand.
The main advantages of TestNG over JUnit are the following.
Annotations are easier to use and understand.
Test cases can be grouped more easily.
TestNG allows us to create parallel tests.
The Console window in Eclipse generates a text-based result while the TestNG window is more useful because it gives us a graphical output of the test result plus other meaningful details such as:
Runtimes of each method.
The chronological order by which methods were executed.
TestNG is capable of generating HTML-based reports.
Annotations can use parameters just like the usual Java methods.

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/selenium-webdriver-frameworkjunit-testng-differences-akhil-reddy
Differences between testNg and JUnit.
JUnit: we need to install, old framework, results not clear, we can't priority base.


13. what is group and suite and parallel execution in testng?
Ans: Group test is a new innovative feature in TestNG, which doesn't exist in 
JUnit framework. It permits you to dispatch methods into proper portions and perform 
sophisticated groupings of test methods. Groups are specified in your testng.xml 
file using the <groups> tag. 
A test suite is a collection of test cases intended to test a behavior or a 
set of behaviors of software program. In TestNG, we cannot define a suite in testing 
source code, but it is represented by one XML file, as suite is the feature of execution. 
It also allows flexible configuration of the tests to be run.
Parallelism or multi-threading in software terms is defined as the 
ability of the software, operating system, or program to execute multiple parts or 
sub-components of another program simultaneously. TestNG allows the tests to run in 
parallel or multi-threaded mode.

14. What tests to be automated?
Ans: In case of Regression testing, smoke testing, load&performance testing, 
data driven testing, static and repetitive tests.
It depends on the lot of  factors like: AUT, Environment, Hardware Dependencies, 
Potential Impacts, certain tasks which require regular seup of environment, 
involving complex calculations And others.
Commomn sense and ROI return on investment.

15. What are the steps in automation testing or when do we do automation testing?
Ans: Test tool selection
Define the scope of Automation
Planning, Design and Development
Test Execution
Framework in Automation 
A framework is  set of automation guidelines which help in  

Maintaining consistency of Testing
Improves test structuring
Minimum usage of code
Less Maintenance of code
Improve re-usability
Non Technical testers can be involved in code
Training period of using the tool can be reduced
Involves Data wherever appropriate 

http://www.guru99.com/automation-testing.html


16. what is the use of dataprovider annotation?
Ans: The data provider is another annotation which supports data-driven testing. 
You can use it to handle a broad range of complex parameters like the following.

Java objects.
Objects read from a database.
Data from Excel or property file etc.
Below are some interesting facts about the data provider.

This annotation has one string attribute which is its name. If you don’t specify a 
name, then the method’s name serves as the default name.
A data provider method prepares and returns a 2-d list of objects.
A data-driven test would run once for each set of data specified by the data provider 
object.

17. Difference between junit and testng?
Ans: Major difference in TestNG and JUnit test frameworks is their scope. Junit is a 
unit testing framework while TestNG addresses testing at a higher level. and my 
recommendation is TestNG(Next Generation) Framework.

18. how to generate reports using testng?
Ans: To run script simply right click and select TestNG Test.
Now test case will start execution and you will get console notification about the 
status and wait until the program is getting finished.

